# For invariants ...
# New invariants
daikon.inv.unary.string.IsUrl.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.FixedLengthString.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.IsNumeric.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.IsEmail.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsDateYYYYMMDD.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsDateDDMMYYYY.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsDateMMDDYYYY.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsHour.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsHourWithSeconds.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsHourAMPM.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.string.dates.IsTimestampYYYYMMHHThhmmssmm.enabled = true

daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.SequenceFixedLengthString.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.SequenceStringElementsAreUrl.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.SequenceStringElementsAreNumeric.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.SequenceStringElementsAreEmail.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreDateYYYYMMDD.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreDateDDMMYYYY.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreDateMMDDYYYY.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreHour.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreHourWithSeconds.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreHourAMPM.enabled = true
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.dates.SequenceStringElementsAreTimestampYYYYMMHHThhmmssmm.enabled = true


# Disabled/Suppressed invariants
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.NonZero.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.NonZeroFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.RangeInt.PowerOfTwo.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltNonZero.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltNonZeroFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltRangeInt.PowerOfTwo.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseStringLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseStringGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseStringLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseStringGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericInt.Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericInt.Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericFloat.Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericFloat.Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericInt.Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericInt.Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericFloat.Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericFloat.Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false

# For derived variables ...

# daikon.derive.unary.SequenceInitial.enabled = 1
# daikon.derive.unary.SequenceSum.enabled = 1

# For splitters ...

# daikon.split.SplitterList.all_splitters = true
# daikon.split.SplitterFactory.compiler = javac

# Disable all binary/ternary invariants
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StdString$SubString.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseStringEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.Reverse.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.ReverseFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SubSet.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SuperSet.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SubSetFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SuperSetFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SubSequence.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SubSequenceFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SuperSequence.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SuperSequenceFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.Member.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.MemberFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceString.MemberString.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.IntNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.FloatNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericInt$Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericInt$Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericFloat$Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.NumericFloat$Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericInt$Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericInt$Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericFloat$Divides.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericFloat$Square.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernaryFloat.enabled = false